Quirk is no longer being maintained.

Quirk started as a little thing I made for myself as I started doing CBT. As I got better, I needed Quirk less. But at the same time, lots of other people had discovered Quirk and started picking it up. That meant more bug fixes, more features, and just more work to be done. I really couldn't keep it up well, especially with my main focus at the time (my day job).

So in order to work on it full time, my brother and I tried to turn it into a company. That way we could continue to develop Quirk as a primary focus, even if we didn't need it anymore.

For awhile, Quirk was going quite well. Lots of people subscribed, we got backed by Y Combinator, and we were growing very quickly.

Unfortunately, in order for the business to work and for us to pay ourselves, we needed folks to be subscribed for a fair amount of time. But in general, most people fell into three camps: didn't use the app at all (and weren't getting value for what they paid), felt better and then unsubscribed, or didn't feel better but persisted anyway. That meant the business model treated successes as failures and failures as successes. So a future Quirk would need to make people feel worse for longer or otherwise not help people we signed up to help. If the incentives of the business weren't aligned with the people, it would have been naive to assume that we could easily fix it as the organization grew and we held less control. We didn't want to go down that path, so we pivoted the company.

Anyone who's followed this project will know that we explored multiple paths towards sustainability. Much of it was discussed in the PRs and issues of this repo. We've investigated a completely free model, an indie open source model, a community open source model, a donation model, a pay-up-front model, an ad model, a tele-therapy model, and a subscription model.

Quirk (the company) is now Room Service.

Now-a-days, we're making Room Service, which helps folks build multiplayer stuff, like what Figma or Google Docs have. Multiple cursors, CRDTs, sockets, lots of people editing the same thing, that sort of thing. We're still the same commercial entity and such, just making a different product now. If you think multiplayer systems are cool and want to join us, send me an email: evan @ roomservice . dev.

Make your own Quirk.

If you like Quirk and want it to continue, feel free to fork it. We'd ask that you change the name to avoid confusion. Just heed our warning, becareful about the way you keep yourself afloat and becareful about your desire to work on this full-time. There's more of a write up about this here.

If you want to fork Quirk, you should fork off of this commit, it's right before we added payments and when the code was the cleanest.

🚧🚧🚧

